I do hope you and we're about to start
watching the WWE fastlane yeah it was
going to record all me reactions so if
you don't want to know what happens stop
watching right now I'll wait for you to
stop okay let's get into it yeah got it
right here on the iPad look at that
Randy Orton meters he comes out okay you
already know where AJ AJ security came
and the world a big show shaved rowlands
put them off the world terrible start
with the match to the pay-per-view
awesome heaven menu and come back that
was bugga bugga awesome yeah let's see
what else fast lead has for us well co
just installed i suppose for and a
little bit of slow match but do what
really likes these two just could have
been like I main event would you hook
with their big old leather suits and
back of me Stardust and your new outfit
which was really cool so let's see what
happens right here so the corner a
controversial win they don't know if
exactly install dose was pin for the one
two three it was really close referee
calls for the Bell probably like two of
us thinking that this is more of going
to be a setup for maybe a rematch for
Wrestlemania hopefully anyway because
like I said it was a little bit slow of
a match to have selected but with a
controversial ending your protocol like
I say gonna want to sit up you leave a
better match for the WrestleMania yeah
we did like Stardust new attire though
that was really cool yeah badass victory
Reuters down sir only kid win yeah
that's really cool kind of expected it
kinda didn't you didn't know is a really
really exciting match run at the entire
cake gets the pin and wins it for them
really really big fan of Cesaro and
Tyson Kidd to up is excited finally up
good match three matches in and there's
actually a good match at the fast lane
we're like to hope said confrontation
leads to match so Triple H comes out and
sting comes out and Triple H's yuppie
yuppie yuppie and sting is just this
thing is stupid and well here's the
match after water talking in a bullshit
Triple H attacks this thing to up real
adapter clear Oscars attacking again
bugger me oh no no sting gives two
blades to scorpion death drop push to
the WrestleMania about it and where we
have it WrestleMania we're going to see
Triple H vs tingle hope to play twins so
I to up did not like stated terrible
Divas match terrible ending it was like
bullshit page goes to stick her in the
Paige Tapout lock or whatever the fuck
she calls it she can't get it Nikki
grabs the rope and turns around out of
nowhere and just rose her up in pinza we
couldn't even be less fucking effort I
got a fucking hate the Divas are
terrible you know the deepest in the NXT
or fucking awesome these dumb bitches
need to start watchin NXT to learn what
to do in the ring cuz Nikki Bella sluts
balls well another lackluster ending to
a match me do have doesn't quite
understand Dean Ambrose gets
disqualified for punching bad news
Barrett after a five count in the corner
this is like something you see on
saturday morning main event 1986 fucking
retarded so oh you buggers that was
hoping Dean Ambrose but we need to
continental championship home avert of
gold so bad knees a pretty sure grim
called this shit it was a trick he was
bright worried the whole time in the
casket bro it ends up being inside the
casket and calling out the end
taker for Wrestlemania once again
everybody round of applause for grim
because he said that like three fucking
months ago he's a smart bugger should
listen to him the first time instead of
thinking it was going to be fucking
sting in here to take ur so great match
against Cena and rusev actually
entertaining and like keeping your near
do you see lots of great moves here in
this match and then add en rusev gets
him in hair kool-aid locks him up and
never give up John Cena never gives up
it gets passed out on the reference to
bail we knew that was going to happen we
hear what do up called it me predictions
that Rousseff was going to win and that
he wouldn't lose the boat to John Cena
an interesting ending we knew something
was stupid was going to happen so there
it is John Cena never gives up it passes
out in the reference to bail brochure
price surprise Roman reigns defeats
Daniel Bryan thought it'd be a little
bit more controversial but in the end
Daniel Bryan goes to give them another
knee lift because Roman reigns had
previously kicked out of one and roman
range catches danger boy with a spirit
boom for 23 in pens him well like we all
knew we thought Roman reigns versus the
Brock Lesnar at WrestleMania so that was
fast lane leave a comment on what you
guys thought about fast lane yeah to
hope here and if you like me videos what
we want you to do is click like button
and maybe leave a little comment but
definitely right under my face do you
see it slip on course subscribe we want
you to click it and then you can always
see videos I do hope and me duele Roscoe
is that right Roscoe give daddy a kiss
or whatever you do such a good boy